hey what is up guys bond Fiji here and
today but I got two guys whose an
absolute insane gameplay this is the
most kills I've gotten at least so far
that I've uploaded I do have some higher
kill games to be bringing you guys but I
thought this was a pretty good one it
was on in that plaza and one thing do
you want to do want to give you guys a
little rush route to start off the bat
of the game what I like to do is just
run straight to the B flag bum rush it
and just try to cap it as fast as
possible and a lot of the times if I'm
running see for what I'll do when I'm on
the V flag is just check of c-4 because
you guys know a lot of people will be
running towards the B flag especially on
the enemy team because most of the time
people are just trying to cap that be
fly brought up the bat of the game so
they can hold it down now what you want
to do is while you're on the flag Chuck
to your c4 and a lot of the times you
can get two three sometimes even four or
five see four kills and that was all
count as like twice the amount since
you're tapping the flag while you get
those skills so it can get you a really
nice start to the game I think that's
what I did in this gameplay I got a few
capture kills right off the bat and it
does help you get your killstreaks
really fast and one of the things that's
really good about this gameplay is I
didn't do too much camping I was rushing
pretty much the whole entire game and I
just thought it was really rush happy
really entertaining as well so hope you
guys enjoyed the background 151 kill
game and the thing is I died one or two
off of my killstreaks I think three or
four times in this game play I still
ended up dropping 151 kills and I did
get a lot of gun kills as well as hope
you guys had joined the background if
you guys could please leave this video
like just real quick darpa quick like it
would help me out a lot and if we can go
for maybe six hundred likes on this
video I would really appreciate that
guys but anyways guys today what I'm
going to be talking about and I'm not
really sure how I'm going to explain
this it's really embarrassing okay it's
gonna be my most embarrassing story
that's ever happened to me now I don't
really remember the story too well
because I think I was like six or seven
years old but I remember we got back
from church and I had to take a piss
really really bad now keep in mind I was
really young I didn't really know what I
was doing and I couldn't get my pants
off because they were really tight they
were like khakis and I think I had a
belt on as well I can't get either my
belt in my pants off I can't really
remember but all I know is I had to take
a piss okay so what I ended up doing I
can't really control it because you guys
are house sometimes are the feeling I
don't know if you got
ever had this but when you get in the
bathroom you're just like oh shit this
is where I take a piss so you just kind
of like start going and I kind of
started going before I actually had my
pants off because I just couldn't
control it okay so first of all I start
pissing my pants I thought you get my
damn zipper open and I don't even know I
just start pissing everywhere I freaking
forget the story but I remember my aunt
coming in she literally picked me up
Randy through the out of throughout the
house and she ran me outside and I
remember if you guys ever know that
feeling where you start taking a piss
and then you just can't stop my bladder
was so full that time I just could not
stop and I literally pissed throughout
her whole entire house until she got me
outside and it was running through the
kitchen all my family was in there I was
just pissing all over the place man I
couldn't control it i didn't know what i
was doing and it was just so
embarrassing i cannot show my face that
whole entire day i think i ended up
running in the bathroom and just crying
because you know what else was I
supposed to do it was so embarrassing
and my end actually she was kind of mean
at the time cuz she was kind of pissed
that I just pissed over all of her house
so she actually made me clean it up in
front my family members I was bawling
the whole time and it just was so
embarrassing man it was really
unfortunate as well because her whole
house smelled like piss for like a week
or so but uh that was my most
embarrassing story I hope you guys
enjoyed that and I hope I explained it
as good as possible i'm not really good
at telling stories most of the time but
i do remember that story a man it haunts
me because they still bring it up and
make family conversation every time they
do man i'm just like stop stop stop
talking about thats ok but anyways guys
gay plates coming to an end not really
sure what I was also gonna talk about I
guess I could talk about cars because I
have been looking at cars almost
obsessively lately I'm 15 now about to
turn 16 and I've been saving up since I
was like eight years old for a really
cool car that's always what I've wanted
and I pretty much have a good amount of
money saved up I'm trying to save up for
a Camaro and I'm uh I'm in love with
Camaros okay i love the look of them i
love the fact that you can go 155 miles
per hour and those things stock that is
that's in the camaro SS that's my
favorite one the camaro zl1 i would get
that but the gas mileage is really
shitty on that now the only thing is
that I'm worried about is right
King it because obviously I have no clue
how to drive right now but uh you know I
think I'll be able to get used to
driving pretty well and obviously I'm
gonna be driving very safely and not
going to be doing anything stupid you
know going 155 miles per hour on the
highway and the reason why I'm getting
this car it's not necessarily the fact
that I want to go fast it's just the
fact that i know i can go fast but i
need to say i'm in a high-speed chase
run with the cops and I need outrun them
I just like to know the fact that I can
actually outrun the cops so that's the
reason why I want that car another few
cars that I've been looking at and look
at this this is insane there's so many
people right there and I do not know how
I survived this right here i had an
unsilenced cat 40 and obviously i was
appearing on the radar people i don't
know how they did not know that I was
right around them but somehow I survived
that if I pick up my killstreaks right
there but another car that I've been
looking at is the Nissan GTR the thing
is a monster it's like it's like 100
grand I don't know if I'll be able to
save up that much money in this short
amount of time I'm gonna have to go ham
and do a lot of driveways lately what
I've been doing to earn some money is I
actually have like a we're really plap
you guys saw my video I've been plowing
like 30 or 40 driveways over the past
couple of days and I made a couple
thousand bucks which definitely does
help out a lot towards the car fun and
it's just little things like that that
can actually get you a little bit more
money for a car you know I do whatever
it takes to get that car because it's
something that I really want I'm gonna
work hard for it so uh yeah that's just
saw a little update for you guys I know
I haven't been uploading much lately and
it's kind of weird whenever I actually
have time to upload it seems like i
don't like right now I'm on winter break
I had nothing to do whatsoever and I'm
just so lazy because I never do
commentaries when I actually have time
to do them then when I'm studying for
finals or something i'll use
commentaries as a way to procrastinate
so let's pretty much it guys I hope you
didn't enjoy once again if we can hit
600 likes on this video that would be
absolutely insane i'll really appreciate
that guys and my next upload once this
video hits 600 mikes i'll upload a
hundred and twelve kill game with the
KSG i think you guys will really enjoy
that one it was pretty insane actually i
got 112 kills and I clutched at the end
it was absolutely insane so hope you
guys enjoyed be sure to leave the video
like subscribe to new the channel and
I'm out peace guys